What is the purpose of Saylani welfare?
Saylani Welfare International Trust has been working since 1999 to improve the conditions of the less privileged, helpless, and handicapped individuals. The organization is working day and night to make life happier, especially for the middle class, lower middle class and even lower class.

Who is the owner of Saylani welfare?
It was established in May 1999 and is headquartered at Bahdurabad, Karachi, Pakistan. It was founded and headed by spiritual and religious scholar Maulana Bashir Farooq Qadri.

What are the services of Saylani Welfare Trust?
Saylani Welfare International Trust has 24/7 funeral service, blood bank, and thalassemia center. Saylani Welfare International Trust manages 400 marriages of needy girls every month.

Saylani Welfare International Trust
Alhamdo-llilah! By the grace of Allah, this organization is serving the poor and the distressed people of our society since 5th May 1999. We are a part of a society where the majority of the people residing in villages and towns are living below the poverty line and even deprived of the basic necessities of life.
Now let us take a look at the life of the people living in cities, where unfortunately living conditions are not much different. If we examine their family size, we find a very painful situation, where in a small rented house the husband and the wife with their four children survive with a very low earning.	
In today’s world where inflation is at its peak, it is impossible for them to pay for their electricity, children’s education and any medical treatment of any family member.
How will the head of the family be able to provide for the needs of his children?? The result: he takes loans. He is not to be blamed because he is responsible to provide three meals a day for his family and he is forced to use the wrong means to fulfill his family’s needs.
Undoubtedly, the poor and the needy are helpless. Our organization spends time with them and is fully aware of their problems and weaknesses. Therefore we want to help them in such a way that all financial aid is free from interest. In view of all the difficulties faced by the poor, Saylani Welfare International Trust has organized 63 different sectors to sort out the problems of the ones who are in need. These departments are efficiently working for the cause of the society.
By the Grace of the Almighty Allah, it can be proudly said that this organization has become a back-bone of the poor society and provides help after a complete inquiry survey. This organization receives aid from different parts of the world. Each and every penny is spent after a strict inquiry and a utilization report is delivered to those who send this aid to us. In this report, addresses of the people to whom these donations have been given, is mentioned with details. This shows that your money has been given to the right people. You can also contact these people with the help of their addresses and get a confirmation whether the organization has provided them with the aid and if they are really the ones who deserve. In a way, your sadaqa or zakaat is being spent with your own hands. Our aim is to inquire and survey to find the ones who need us.

Saylani Welfare International Trust is a non-government organization (NGO) focusing primarily on feeding the poor and homeless. It was established in May 1999 and is headquartered at Bahdurabad, Karachi, Pakistan.[1]

It was founded and headed by spiritual and religious scholar Maulana Bashir Farooq Qadri.[2][3] With an estimated monthly expenditure of Pakistani Rupees above 30 million, Saylani Trust provides food twice a day to more than 30,000 poor people through its 100 centers (generally known as Dastar-Khawan), most of them are serving in Karachi.[4][5] The organization distributed CNG rickshaws among the jobless citizens of Karachi in April 2011 with the help of members of the Karachi business community.[6]

Services provided
Medical institutions of Saylani
With its offices in Nottingham, UK, Saylani Welfare raises funds, as well as raising awareness of a range of charity projects. Services by Saylani (NGO) are provided free of cost. It offers the following medical services at the following facilities:[1]

(i) Saylani Chest Care Center, provides services to patients suffering from Tuberculosis
(ii) Saylani Diabetic Center, giving services to diabetic patients with facilities for the treatment of Hepatitis "C"
Charitable initiatives
Saylani, since its inception, has worked on both providing needed economic and nutritional help to the needy in distress as well as providing means for able-bodied persons to earn a living through innovative solutions to "tackle the root causes and effects of poverty of Pakistani citizens." This ranges anywhere from programs similar to those provided by Social Security in Western nations to doing area to area and neighborhood to neighborhood searches of the needy and providing relief.[7] Notable among these programs are:

Roti Bank
The Roti Bank provides free meals to needy families in a simple walk-up kiosk along a main thoroughfare in Karachi. After providing their identification, details of family size (via birth certificates) and getting the Saylani "Free Food Card", the families can get 2 meals per day for a month.[8][9] The initiative was launched on 14 August 2018.[10]

Economic empowerment
In 2013, in an effort to create economic empowerment via training in Technology, especially Web and Mobile App development, Saylani Welfare International Trust began its Saylani Mass IT Training (SMIT) Program under the guidance of Zia Ullah Khan,[11] who have previously run successful mass IT programs like “Operation Badar”.[12]  The goal of SMIT was to create 10,000 well-trained Web and Mobile App developers in emerging programming languages like React, Node JS, and Angular JS.[13] The program thus far has trained 4,000 developers successfully in fields as varied as Cisco’s CCNA certification, Graphic Design, and Startup Entrepreneurship along with the Web and Mobile App development skills to spur economic empowerment and  allow its graduates to quickly become economically independent.[14]

Aid to Syrian and Rohingya refugees
In 2017, Saylani Welfare Trust confirmed that they were providing food aid to Syrian refugees on Turkey's border with Syria. The Chief Operating Officer of Saylani, Muhammad Ghazal, said that they are working in partnership with the Turkish Disaster and Emergency Management Authority (AFAD) to provide aid to Syrian living in refugee camps near the border.[15]

Saylani Welfare Trust also provides aid to Rohingya living in refugee camps in Bangladesh.[16]

COVID-19 crisis
During the COVID-19 crisis, Saylani Welfare Trust provided free oxygen, food, rescue equipment and other supplies to hospitals and Covid-19 wards in the country.[17] It also introduced mobile phone application and telephone service, where needy families can register themselves to get ration and other essential items.[18]

On 13 April 2020, reports emerged that rations were being denied to minority Hindus and Christians in the coastal areas of Karachi by Saylani Welfare workers.[19] On 14 April 2020, the US Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) expressed concern regarding the reports about discrimination against the minorities in Karachi. Following the reports about Hindus and Christians in some parts of Karachi being denied food aid, other organisations such as the Edhi Foundation, JDC Welfare Organization and Jamaat-e-Islami stepped forward to provide rations to the minorities in those areas.[19]



Established in May 1999 by famous spiritual and religious scholar Maulana Bashir Ahmed Farooqui, Saylani Welfare International Trust was built on the fundamentals of breaking the cycle of poverty, alleviating the financial troubles of the poor, giving people a chance to live a dignified life and spreading happiness.

We are an organization that believes in lighting up the lives of underprivileged people across the world. We endeavor to provide the best quality services in areas including food, education, medical and social welfare free of cost to people living in the dark. With over 60 different sectors, we feed thousands of hungry people each day, hundreds more are given the hope of life through medical health care, many are educated to become leaders of tomorrow and several are given the opportunity to stand on their feet financially.

Today, we are proud to say that our physical presence extends throughout Pakistan with a vast network of 125 branches operating in major cities including Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Hyderabad and Faisalabad. Apart from Pakistan, we have overseas offices in the UK, USA and UAE as well. Our worldwide branches are operating under the guidance of a team of over 2,000 working professionals who help almost 125,000 people on a daily basis.

We strongly believe that a little help goes a long way and our work would not be possible without the generous support of our valuable donors. Our local and international donors have graciously lent us a hand by supporting our causes and enabling us to serve the needs of people in need.


125,000
Daily Dastrakhan(Monthly)

7,500
Family Adoption(Monthly)

43,749
Medical(Monthly)



Main branch of saylani welfare is Head Office:    A-25, Bahadurabad Chowrangi Karachi, Pakistan
Phone Nos. (+92-213) 4130786-90 (5 lines)
(+92-213) 4939655, 4120882-3
Fax no. +92-213- 4127693
Cell No. +92-3-111-729-526
UAN. +92-21-111-729-526
Email
info@saylaniwelfare.com
donation@saylaniwelfare.com
Website: https://www.saylaniwelfare.com

Saylani UK Office
UK Office Fairdale House, Nuthall Road Nottingham Nottinghamshire, NG8 5BY

E-mail. saylaniwelfareuk@hotmail.co.uk

Phone No. +441159298855


Saylani Courses admission Karachi 2023 registration for free MAS IT training courses online is now open. SMIT Course Registration is available here. This year’s Saylani Mass It Training Program 2023 admission has been now open. The present is a time of information technology. We hope to equip our youngsters with the skills of computer programming and prepare them for the future of our country. That’s why Saylani has launched a New Mass It Training Program for 2023-24. Visit the official website www.saylaniwelfare.com to fill up the Saylani Mass Training Admission Form.

Saylani Mass IT Training Program 2023-24 Registration Online
Saylani Free Course Registration is now open for editing video graphics design and other freelance courses. Saylani Mass Training admission’s Last Date is June 2023. In this context, we have the Saylani Walfair Mass IT Training Program offers professional training to over 75,000 students. The program offers Web as well as Mobile Application Development, CCNA, Graphics Designing, and Computer Based Accounting in Karachi, Hyderabad, Faisalabad, and Islamabad.

Saylani Mass IT Training Admission 2023 Form Download
Admission to any program offered will be granted based on the entry test and interview Results. Once you’re finished with your registration, please visit Hajiyani Sakeen IT Institute with the documents for attestation between 9 am and 6 pm in the designated places. Our aim is to create more than one million computer programmers across the nation that will contribute around $100 billion to the Pakistani economy. Saylani’s Application Form for Admission to Course 2023 is available here.

Www.Saylaniwelfare.Com Mass IT Training Admission Application
It is also known as the Saylani Welfare Scheme also provides vocational education that is great to earn cash on the side from the market in your neighborhood. Apply online now for the mentioned Saylani courses in 2023. Saylani Welfare Courses provide an array of vocational programs for free across a variety of fields for underprivileged individuals from Pakistan. Saylani Free Courses Click here to register.

SMIT Program Online Registration 2023-24
Admissions seekers are able to complete the Saylani Mass Training application online. A number of colleges allow admission to these classes. However, they have costly service fees. Only the admissions form can be used to be a candidate for admission to the Saylani Mass Training program.

SMIT : Saylani Mass IT Training
Saylani Mass IT Training program is an institute delivering Latest IT education free of cost.

In this regard, our Saylani Mass IT Training Program providing vocational training to more than 75,000 students in Web and Mobile Application Development, CCNA, Graphics Designing, Computer Based Accounting in Karachi, Hyderabad, Faisalabad, Islamabad.


In this regard, our Saylani Mass IT Training Program providing vocational training to more than 75,000 students in Web and Mobile Application Development, CCNA, Graphics Designing, Computer Based Accounting in Karachi, Hyderabad, Faisalabad, Islamabad.


Saylani Welfare is offering a chance to learn for free. They are offering free courses as part of their SMIT Program. Anyone looking for a chance to learn should not give up this opportunity and take this for granted. Free Courses being offered are CCO (Certified Computer Operator) & CCA (Certified Computer Accountancy) Free Courses. So anyone who is wants to learn and take this opportunity complete these courses and earn something should not take this lightly. Program details are below:

To apply please visit: http://forms.saylaniwelfare.com

Minimum Eligibility Criteria :
Matriculation Appeared for CCO (Certified Computer Operator)
Intermediate (With Commerce Background) for CCA (Certified Computer Accountancy)


Durations & Time:
CCO : (Tues , Thurs & Sat) 11am to 1pm for 2 months
CCA : (Mon , Wed & Fri) 11am to 1pm for 2 months

Once you submit the form you will be asked to download and print an admit and ID card, which you will bring to Saylani Head Office along with your original CNIC/ B-Form and original last qualification marksheet / degree so that your admit card can be attested after verification.


1. No student will be allowed to enter for entry test until and unless their admit card will not be attested from Saylani Mass Training Management.

2. Those who are already enrolled in any other courses in SMIT should not apply in this

3. Apply to any single course i.e. (CCO or CCA)

Address:
Saylani Welfare Head Office
4th Floor,
A-25, Bahadurabad Chowrangi
Karachi

Office Timings : Mon. to Sat. (9am to 7pm)

UAN : 021-111-729-526 Ext : 132

Saylani Facebook group
https://www.facebook.com/groups/SaylaniSG

Read more: Saylani Welfare Trust – An Ocean of Humanity

    COMMENTS
The Saylani Mass IT Training Program announces the latest courses in Faisalabad. Saylani Web and Mobile App Development Course | SMIT Courses 2021

SMIT MOBILE WEB DEVELOPMENT COURSE
Share this post with your university, family, friends, and office circles so that we can serve the maximum number of people in Karachi.